Miss, go to the banquet of the nine clans
Today I am Chen Ruoxi, the daughter of the Northern Zhou Dynasty
To fulfill the engagement
Marry the legendary being
He was daydreaming.
There are no girls of the nine clans
Marry him and our family will be destroyed
I don't believe it, I don't believe it in the Liu family of the Western Zhou Dynasty
I, the Xu family in Lingzhou, don't believe it.
Quanzhou Yan family does not believe
Qingzhou Mo family does not believe
We don't believe
If you don't believe it, today's wine and foot banquet
We asked the saint to make the decision for us
I divorced my marriage to the Chen family in the Northern Zhou Dynasty
I, the Feng family in Lanzhou, renounced the marriage
break off marriage
divorce
Yang Fan down the mountain travel contract
How could it provoke the damnation?
Do the nine clans want to break off the marriage?
No, I have to go down the mountain myself
I hope you can keep being stubborn
God sent the general
King of the Nine Clans, all this is your fault
No one can save
Yang Fan, I'm so scared
Did we ask to marry you?
To avoid being filled
Pack of white-eyed wolves
Shameless
At that time, the Lord did not give you fine assistance.
You are nothing more than pawns in the market
Now crossing the river and demolishing the bridge
Heaven is unbearable
Bullshit, our nine clans have achieved today
It's all about us.
Work hard
You want to wipe out all our credit with one word
You are the one who is intolerable
That's right, my Liu family started with Manager Xi Zhou Pingdi
It depends on my Liu family to unite as one
One Heart
I will quit the marriage today.
I'd like to see how unreasonable it is
My Feng family has been working hard in Lanzhou for ten years
benefit the common people
bow and sin
dead
I don't believe there can be any calamity
I, Li Ruyun, still say the same thing.
My fate is up to me
I can marry anyone I want
Only never marry you